CTF-Platform 2
==============

The CTF-Platform is the infrastructure on which picoCTF runs. The 
platform is designed to be easily adapted to other CTF or programming 
competitions.

CTF-Platform 2 targets Ubuntu 14.04 LTS but should work on just about 
any "standard" Linux distribution. It would probably even work on 
Windows. MongoDB must be installed; all default configurations should 
work.

Setting Up
------------
1. Clone CTF-Dev from GitHub
2. In that directory, `git submodule init`
3. In that directory, `git submodule update`
4. Download VirtualBox (easiest, though others can work)
5. Download Vagrant (vagrantup.com)
6. `vagrant up` in CTF-Dev
7. Wait 20 minutes
8. `vagrant ssh` to connect to the VM
9. Run `devploy` to deploy the development version of the site
10. Go to port 8080 on the Host Machine
11. Remember to always use 127.0.0.1:8080 not localhost:8080
12. Note: The database will not have any problems in it by default. To add the picoCTF 2013 problems to the database, use `python3 ~/api/api_manager.py ~/api/problems/problems.json`

*Warning*: The CTF-Dev repo uses submodules to load in extra code. Submodules are not particularly intuitive and indeed have some unexpected behavior if you have not seen them before. The safest choice is always to edit the submodule repo outside of CTF-Dev as its own separate repo. If you do want to commit from inside CTF-Dev, however, you will need to do `git checkout master` first. Be careful to check that you have indeed done this before commiting something, or it may be difficult to recover your changes.

*Warning*: The web folder and the webex folder combine to build the picoCTF website. In order for this to occur, the files from webex to need to be transferred into web so they can build in the correct Jekyll environment. While they are not removed afterwards, they are set to read only. You *should not* edit these copies, as they will get overwritten from webex. Files that come from webex must be edited in webex, or you might lose your work. Examples: Edit index.html, teachers.html, etc. in webex. Edit team.html, main.css, etc. in web.

*Note*: The competition has two modes: competition active and competition inactive. In inactive mode, there are no problems and only registration is available. To change what mode the competition is in, edit api/api/config.py and change the competition dates such that the current date is either inside or outside the range of the competition dates.

Testing Auto-Generated Problems
------------
If you have an auto-generated problem that you would like to test, you can add it to the database with the following simple steps:

1. Create a directory for your problem under api/graders. You may want to create a category-specific folder and create a folder for the problem in that folder (api/graders/web/mywebproblem, for example).
2. Copy all of the files relevant to your problem into that new folder, including the generator, grader, and any files used by the problem either publically or privately.
3. Create a file containing a JSON entry with your problem. Here are the required fields:
    - 'name' = Problem name
    - 'score' = How many points the problem is worth
    - 'category' = Category of the problem ("Web Exploitaiton", "Forensics", etc.)
    - 'generator' = The generator file for the problem relative to api/graders. For example api/graders/web/mywebproblem/generator.py would be entered as web/mywebproblem/generator.py
    - 'grader' = The generator file for the problem relative to api/graders.
    - 'description' = If you manually create the description for the problem in the generator, you can leave this as an empty string. Otherwise, fill in the problem prompt to be displayed to the user.
    - 'threshold' = Set this to 0 for now.
    - 'autogen' = Set this to true.
  You can also include a 'hint' field if you want.
4. Run 'cd ~/api'
5. Run 'python3 api_manager.py [path to the JSON file for your problem]'. This adds your problem to the database.
6. Run 'python3 api_manager.py -b [Number of autogen instances you want]'. This creates as many instances of your autogenerated problem as you like. Note that this applies to all autogenerated problems at the moment, which is not particularly problematic, though it might take a little bit longer.
7. You're done! Run 'devploy' and your problem should now be on the problems page.


Contact
------------

We are happy to help but no support is guaranteed.

Authors: Jonathan Burket, Tim Becker, Chris Ganas

Copyright: Carnegie Mellon University

License: MIT

Maintainers: Peter Chapman, Jonathan Burket

Credits: David Brumley, Tim Becker, Chris Ganas, Peter Chapman, Jonathan Burket

Email: peter@cmu.edu, jburket@cmu.edu

